Hello everyone and welcome back to this series of lectures that I'm going to be referring to as financial
market concepts so in the next few lectures we're going to cover some financial topics such as what
types of funds there are.
Would an order book is and how it works what latency arbitrage or high frequency trading is and also
what short selling is now a lot of these topics they don't directly relate with coding something out
in Python and said talking about these key financial topics is going to give us a better overview of
the actual ecosystem of the financial space.
So we're going to go over these basically in just pure slide form because they don't actually directly
relate anything as far as programming is concerned.
Then once we actually get to cap em or capital assets pricing models will hop back explain the topic
and then we'll actually code stuff out.
All right let's go ahead and get started in the next lecture.
We'll discuss what types of funds there are.
Thanks everyone and I'll see it there.